README.md, before:

# Pathos

An RPG game with the grindier elements of an MMO, based on Greek mythology.
It follows the story of Cronus eating his children, you being one of them. You grow up under the wing of Gaia who trains you as you explore the country of Ancient Greece.

## How to Play
Accept quests from each map and train on hostile mobs to gain exp to level up.
Leveling up will grant you new skills that can eventually be used to defeat the end boss, Cronus.

## Download
Link

# Guide/Wiki Information
Extra information to help players.

**WARNING: SPOILERS.**

## NPCs
NPCs have their specific roles and you can meet them during the game.
Below are a list of NPCs and what roles they have. Some may have multiple roles in the game.

#### Romanceable
These NPCs can be courted, gifted and if you're at a certain romantic stage with them, married.
You can gift NPCs once every level with gift points, up to level 50. Gift points are stored as you level up.
- Apollo
- Ares
- Dionysus
- Hephaestus
- Hermes
- Aphrodite
- Artemis
- Athena
- Tyche

#### Quest Givers
These NPCs give out quests for you to take on. They are the ones who reward you after a quest is completed.
- Apollo
- Ares
- Dionysus
- Hephaestus
- Hermes
- Aphrodite
- Artemis
- Athena
- Tyche
- Ariadne
- Gaia

Commit message:

Update README.md with Installation Instructions (#39)
* Update README.md with Installation Instructions

* Fix typo

README.md, after:

# Pathos

An RPG game with the grindier elements of an MMO, based on Greek mythology.
It follows the story of Cronus eating his children, you being one of them. You grow up under the wing of Gaia who trains you as you explore the country of Ancient Greece.

## Installation
1. Clone the repository on your local machine.
2. In the main directory, use: 'make'
3. Use './pathos'

## How to Play
Accept quests from each map and train on hostile mobs to gain exp to level up.
Leveling up will grant you new skills that can eventually be used to defeat the end boss, Cronus.

## Download
Link

# Guide/Wiki Information
Extra information to help players.

**WARNING: SPOILERS.**

## NPCs
NPCs have their specific roles and you can meet them during the game.
Below are a list of NPCs and what roles they have. Some may have multiple roles in the game.

#### Romanceable
These NPCs can be courted, gifted and if you're at a certain romantic stage with them, married.
You can gift NPCs once every level with gift points, up to level 50. Gift points are stored as you level up.
- Apollo
- Ares
- Dionysus
- Hephaestus
- Hermes
- Aphrodite
- Artemis
- Athena
- Tyche

#### Quest Givers
These NPCs give out quests for you to take on. They are the ones who reward you after a quest is completed.
- Apollo
- Ares
- Dionysus
- Hephaestus
- Hermes
- Aphrodite
- Artemis
- Athena
- Tyche
- Ariadne
- Gaia
